{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9200\viewh18000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 List of tools essential to each household for day-to-day work\
\
How often it is used\
Its purpose\
Cost\
\
Ladder (considered as a tool), about $100.\
Used often to change lightbulbs around the house, fixing furniture, painting walls, etc.\
\
1. Screwdriver, about $4, to remove or add screws in place.\
Used often to change batteries in household appliances and assembling furniture.\
\
\
2. Hex Key set, About $15, used to screw furniture into place, comes with many sizes to fit all screws.\
Used less often in the context of a typical household, mostly after purchasing furniture to assemble.\
\
3. Hammer, about $8.\
Used to hammer nails to attach parts or hang frames. Can be used to build furniture and woodwork.\
Usage is less seldom in an urban home as not many have the space and equipment to build their own furniture. \
\
Tape measure, about $15. Used often to measure spaces before buying furniture, important for every household. \
\
\
AUTODESK FUSION 360\
\
A free software available for download online. It requires an internet connection. It can render 3D models. Fusion 360 saves the previous versions that you can revert to if you make a mistake, found in the Data Panel on the left. \
\
We can use the View Cube to navigate the planes and different axis. \
Complicated designs will have multiple components. \
We usually work in Millimetre but that can be changed. \
\
We can use a canvas to trace over for our design. It will end up on the sketch layer which we use to extrude the shapes to make them 3D.\
\
Design History shows us the steps we took to arrive at our final design. Here, we can also edit the aspects that we want to change at certain points in time, and it updates the final product. \
\
Grids can help us layout more easily and enabling \'91Snap to Grid\'92 is recommended. \
\
Generative design is a useful tool to help us generate more complex designs.  \
\
Https://}